Release v2.1.0 (#9072)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [Zebra 2.1.0](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/releases/tag/v2.1.0) - 2024-12-06

> This release adds a check to verify that V5 transactions in the mempool have the correct consensus branch id. It also bumps
> Zebra's initial minimum protocol version such that this release of Zebra will always reject connections with peers advertising
> a network protocol version below 170,120 on Mainnet and 170,110 on Testnet instead of accepting those connections until Zebra's
> chain state reaches the NU6 activation height.

Reviewer: (Optional in case you want to get the release out ASAP)

```suggestion
This release adds a check to verify that V5 transactions in the mempool have the correct consensus branch ID; 
Zebra would previously accept those and return a transaction ID (indicating success) even though they would
be eventually rejected by the block consensus checks. Similarly, Zebra also now returns an error when trying
to submit transactions that would eventually fail some consensus checks (e.g. double spends) but would also 
return a transaction ID indicating success.  The release also bumps
Zebra's initial minimum protocol version such that this release of Zebra will always reject connections with peers advertising
a network protocol version below 170,120 on Mainnet and 170,110 on Testnet instead of accepting those connections until Zebra's
chain state reaches the NU6 activation height.
The `getblock` RPC method has been updated and now returns some additional information
such as the block height (even if you provide a block hash) and other fields as supported
by the `getblockheader` RPC call.
```
